Kind, Amy, "Qualia", up to the end of section 1 (The Hard Problem of Consciousness).

Harris, Sam, "Can we build AI without losing control over it?"
Bostrom, Nick, "What happens when our computers get smarter than we are?"

Brooks, Rodney, "The Seven Deadly Sins of Predicting the Future of AI"

Brooks, Rodney, "What is it like to be a robot?" 
Harris, Mark, "Inside the first church of artificial intelligence"

wenge, "Have Smartphones Destroyed a Generation?"

Brooks, Dalai Lama, "Behind Our Anxiety, the Fear of Being Unneeded"

Becker, Rachel, "Why calling screen time 'digital heroin' is digital garbage"

Alter, "Do the Poor Have More Meaningful Lives?"
Lil B, "The Age of Information"

Fabio, "Killed by a Machine: The Therac-25"
Angwin, "Make Algorithms Accountable."
Davies, Pierson, Feller, Goel, "A computer program used for bail and sentencing decisions was labeled biased against blacks. It's actually not that clear."

Tufekci, "Zuckerberg's Preposterous Defense of Facebook"

Kolbert, "Why Facts Don't Change Our Minds"

Bertoni, "How Jared Kushner Won Trump The White House"

Garrett, Resnick, "Resisting Political Fragmentation on the Internet" 

CGP Grey, "This Video Will Make You Angry"

Heath, Bell, Sternberg, "Emotional selection in memes: the case of urban legends" 

Shullenberger, "Mimesis, Violence, and Facebook: Peter Thiel's French Connection" 

Alexander, "The Toxoplasma of Rage" 

Bershidskey, Leonid "Scariest Thing About Cyberwarfare: No Rules of Engagement"

Walzer, Michael "Just & Unjust Targeted Killing & Drone Warfare"

CGP Grey, "Humans Need Not Apply"

Bernstein, Raman "The Great Decoupling: An Interview with Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee"

Cardenas, "Patent vs. Copyright Protection for Computer Software" (very short, read first)

Stallman, "Misinterpreting Copyright"

Mullin, ""Your criticisms are completely wrong": Stallman on software patents, 20 years in"

Times Editorial Board, "No more secret surveillance technology in local law enforcement"

Rainie, Maniam "Americans feel the tensions between privacy and security concerns"

Kayyali, "FBI's "Suicide Letter" to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and the Dangers of Unchecked Surveillance" and Gage, "What an Uncensored Letter to M.L.K. Reveals"

Grabmeier, "Why many Russians have gladly agreed to online censorship"

Hug, "A Stock Market Primer (draft)"

Uzzi, "How AI Machines Could Save Wall Street Brokers' Jobs"

Homayoun, "The Secret Social Media Lives of Teenagers"

Moody, "Can an employee be fired for activities outside the workplace?"

Popken, "Sites Spying on You in Weird New Ways, Princeton Study Exposes"

Powazek, "I'm Not The Product, But I Play One On The Internet"

