Raymond Wacks, Privacy - A Very Short Introduction: Chapter 2
danah boyd, It’s Complicated — Privacy
Trina J. Magi, Fourteen Reasons Privacy Matters: A Multidisciplinary Review of Scholarly Literature
Fábio Esteves, “I have nothing to hide. Why should I care about my privacy?”
Manoush Zomorodi, The Bookie, the Phone booth, and the FBI
Michael Zimmer, Privacy Law and Regulation
Michael Siebert, Montana lawmakers weigh privacy in the digital age
US Department of Justice, The USA PATRIOT Act: Preserving Life and Liberty
ACLU, Surveillance Under the Patriot Act, Infographic and Article  
Wikipedia Entry for the Connecticut Four
danah boyd, It’s Complicated — Introduction
Raymond Wacks, Privacy - A Very Short Introduction: Chapter 1 [pp. 16-33] 
Helen Nissenbaum, Privacy in Context: Technology, Policy, and the Integrity of Social Life — Introduction
Jacob Brogan, What’s the Deal With Algorithms?  
Lee Raine and Janna Anderson, Code-Dependent: Pros and Cons of the Algorithm Age
Nick Seaver, Algorithms as culture: Some tactics for the ethnography of algorithmic systems
danah boyd and Kate Crawford, Critical questions for big data: Provocations for a cultural, technological, and scholarly phenomenon
The Economist, Videographic: What is Big Data?
Carine Lallemand, Dear Diary: Using Diaries to Study User Experience
John Koetsier, 2-minute explainer: AI vs. machine learning vs. deep learning
James Vincent, What counts as artificially intelligent? AI and deep learning, explained
Margot O'Neill, Explainer: What is artificial intelligence?
NPR Ted Radio Hour, Jeremy Howard: Will Artificial Intelligence Be The Last Human Invention?
The Next Web, Facebook tracks scary-specific details about your life. Here’s how to find what it knows
Review your Facebook Ad Preferences and Apply Magic Sauce
Martin Shelton, Securing Your Digital Life Like a Normal Person [and reference the "low-effort," "medium-effort," and "high-effort" lists of online privacy practices from Vicki Boykis, How to protect your data and privacy online for the average user]  
Jon Christian, I tried to switch to secure email and I want to bang my head on a desk
Laura Kalbag, Indie Design
Privacy Policies: Facebook, D2L, MSU Library, MSU FERPA Notice, Google, Snap Inc.
Privacy Infographics: ACLU, National Geographic Satellites, Infographic 1, 2,3,4,5
Yasha Levine, The Crypto-Keepers
Julia Powles, Obfuscation: how leaving a trail of confusion can beat online surveillance
Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai, Visiting Random Sites to Confuse Trackers Won’t Protect Your Privacy
Yochai Benkler, Degrees of Freedom, Dimensions of Power, Yochai Benkler
Natasha Duarte, Algorithmic decision-making in NYC
Willamette Week, Portland's top brass said it was OK to swipe your garbage--so we grabbed theirs.
John Lanchester, You Are the Product
Goldie Blumenstyk, As Big Data Comes to College, Officials Wrestle to Set New Ethical Norms
Cecelia Parks, Beyond Compliance: Students and FERPA in the Age of Big Data
Sam Adler-Bell, Privacy for Whom?
Garret Keizer, Privacy of the Poor
Erin McCormick, Big Brother on wheels? Fired security robot divides local homeless people
Kerry Rodden, Is that a boy or a girl? Exploring a neural network’s construction of gender
Garret Keizer, A feminist critique of privacy
Safiya Noble, Challenging the algorithms of oppression
Aljazeera, Surveilling Black Lives Matter 
Chukwuemeka Afigbo, If you have ever had a problem grasping the importance of diversity in tech and its impact on society, watch this video
Michael Keller and Josh Neufeld, Terms of Service: Understanding our Role in the World of Big Data
Futurism: Types of AI: from reactive to self-aware, https://futurism.com/images/types-of-ai-from-reactive-to-self-aware-infographic/
Boer Deng, Machine ethics: the robot's dilemma 
NPR podcast Can robots teach us what it means to be human?
Motherboard, Tractor Hacking: The Farmers Breaking Big Tech's Repair Monopoly
Facebook emotional contagion and analysis by Jouhki et al.
Jacob Metcalf, Ethics Codes: History, Context, and Challenges
Steven Ginnis, #WhatAreYouDoingWithMyData: a framework for social media ethics
Association of Internet Researchers, Charting Ethical Questions By Data And Type. (Appendix 1 from the report “Ethical decision-making and Internet research 2.0: Recommendations from the AoIR ethics working committee”)