Safiya Sinclair, Cannibal
M. Nourbese Philip, Zong!
William Shakespeare, The Tempest, Internet Shakespeare Editions
William Davenant and John Dryden The Tempest; or, The Enchanted Isle, EEBO-TCP edition
Steele, Richard, “Story of Inkle and Yarico,” Early Caribbean Digital Archive
Richard Ligon, Yarico account from A True and Exact History of the Island of Barbados, digital edition edited by David Chan Smith
George Colman, Inkle and Yarico, Project Gutenberg edition
Data Feminism, Catherine D’Ignazio and Lauren F. Klein
Leah Marcus, “The Blue-Eyed Witch”
http://quod.lib.umich.edu/e/eebogroup/
Thomas Jefferson, Notes on the State of Virginia
Paul Dingman, “Tagging Manuscripts: How Much is Too Much?”
Women Writers Vector Toolkit, http://lab.wwp.northeastern.edu/wwvt/
Ryan Heuser, “Word Vectors in the Eighteenth Century, Episode 1: Concepts”, "Episode 2:Methods"
Women Writers Online
Women Writers in Review
DocSouth
Visualizing English Print (several corpora, fifteenth through eighteenth centuries)
Project Gutenberg
Victorian Women Writers Project
Civil War Governors
Becky Standard “A Most Illustrious and Distinctive Career“
James Clawson, “A Word Embedding Model of One’s Own: Modern Fiction from Imperialism to Spiritualism”
Benjamin M. Schmidt, “Vector Space Models for the Digital Humanities”
Benjamin M. Schmidt, “Introductory Vignette” and “Exploratory Vignette“
Laura K. Nelson, “Leveraging the alignment between machine learning and intersectionality: Using word embeddings to measure intersectional experiences of the nineteenth century U.S. South”
Ted Underwood, “The Gender Balance of Fiction, 1800–2007” and explore the interactive visualization
Sandeep Soni, Lauren F. Klein and, and Jacob Eisenstein, “Abolitionist Networks: Modeling Language Change in Nineteenth-Century Activist Newspapers
Catherine D’Ignazio and Lauren F. Klein, Data Feminism, chapt. 4, “What Gets Counted Counts“
Saidiya Hartman, “Venus in Two Acts”
Early Caribbean Digital Archive
Colored Conventions Project
Slave Revolt in Jamaica, 1760–1761
Jessica Marie Johnson, “Markup Bodies: Black [Life] Studies and Slavery [Death] Studies at the Digital Crossroads”
Elizabeth Maddock Dillon, “Translatio Studii and the Poetics of the Digital Archive: Early American Literature, Caribbean Assemblages, and Freedom Dreams”
Lauren F. Klein, “The Image of Absence: Archival Silence, Data Visualization, and James Hemings”
Catherine D’Ignazio and Lauren F. Klein, Data Feminism, chapt. 5, “Unicorns, Janitors, Ninjas, Wizards, and Rock Stars“
