Janet Abbate, Recoding Gender : Women’s Changing Participation in Computing
Emily Chang, Brotopia
R. W. Connell, Masculinities
Virginia Eubanks, Automating Inequality: How High-Tech Tools Profile, Police, and Punish the Poor
Mar Hicks, Programmed Inequality 
An Xiao Mina, Memes to Movements: How the World's Most Viral Media Is Changing Social Protest & Power (in press)
Safiya Noble, Algorithms of Oppression
Cathy O'Neil, Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy
Ellen Pao, Reset: My Fight for Inclusion and Lasting Change
David N. Pellow and Lisa Sun-Hee Park, The Silicon Valley of Dreams Environmental Injustice, Immigrant Workers, and the High-Tech Global Economy
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures
Sara Wachter-Boettcher, Technically Wrong: Sexist Apps, Biased Algorithms, and Other Threats of Toxic Tech
Leslie Berlin, Troublemakers: Silicon Valley's Coming of Age
Hal Abelson, Harry Lewis, and Ken Ledeen; Blown to Bits: Your Life, Liberty, and Happiness After the Digital Explosion
Michelle Alexander, The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness
Sheila Jasanoff, The Ethics of Invention: Technology and the Human Future
Clyde Ford, Think Black: A Memoir
Ruha Benjamin, Captivating Technology
Sasha Costanza-Chock, Design Justice
Morgan G. Ames, The Charisma Machine
Christina Dunbar-Hester, Hacking Diversity
Carol Gilligan, In a Different Voice, Ethics of care
John Stuart Mill, Utilitarianism/consequentialism 
Judith Butler, 3rd wave feminism
Audre Lorde, "Age, race, class, and sex: women redefining difference"
Immanuel Kant, “What is Enlightenment” 
John Rawls, "Theory of Justice"
D. Soyini Madison, Critical Ethnography: Method, Ethics, and Performance
Martin Luther King Jr, “Letter from the Birmingham Jail”
Malcom X, "The Ballot or the Bullet"
Peggy McIntosh, "White Privilege: Unpacking the Invisible Knapsack" 
Ijeoma Oluo, "So You Want to Talk About Race"
Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed
A.T. Wynn and S.J. Correll, "Puncturing the pipeline: Do technology companies alienate women in recruiting sessions?"
Kathryn McKinley, 'What Happens to Us Does Not Happen to Most of You"
Shireen Mitchell and Jon Pincus, "Diversity-friendly software at SXSW 2017"
Julia Angwin et al., "Machine Bias"
Steve Henn, “When women stopped coding”
Adrienne LaFrance, “Why Do So Many Digital Assistants Have Feminine Names?”
Voigt et al., “Language from police body camera footage shows racial disparities in officer respect”
Elora Israni, “When an Algorithm Helps Send You to Prison”
The Economist editorial staff, “The e-mail Larry Page should have written to James Damore”
Cynthia Lee on the Google Memo
Godwin, Potvin, Hazari, Lock “Identity, Critical Agency, and Engineering: An Affective Model for Predicting Engineering as a Career Choice”
Tracy Chou, "“I had so many advantages, and I barely made it”: Pinterest engineer on Silicon Valley sexism"
Ben Williams, "Debugging Code(Switching): My Experiences as a Black Computer Science Student at Stanford University"
Alona King, "No, I Am Not Lost A Black woman’s experience in the Stanford Computer Science Major"
Kaya Thomas, "What it’s Like to Be a Black Woman in Tech: A Q&A with Kaya Thomas"
Kaya Thomas, "Invisible Talent" (responding to Georgia Wells "Facebook Blames Lack of Available Talent for Diversity Problem" in WSJ)
Erin Biba, "What It’s Like When Elon Musk’s Twitter Mob Comes After You"
Peter Balonon-Rosen and Lizzie O'Leary, "How women landed the invisible work of social media labor"
Sepehr Vakil, "Ethics, Identity, and Political Vision Toward a Justice-Centered Approach to Equity in Computer Science Education"
Sasha Costanza-Chock, "Design Justice: Towards an Intersectional Feminist Framework for Design Theory and Practice"
Jessica Guynn, "Silicon Valley's race gap is getting worse, not better, new research shows"
Susan Sibley “Why Do So Many Women Who Study Engineering Leave the Field?”
Noam Cohen, "We're All Nerds Now"
Betsy DiSalvo et al. "African American Males Constructing Computing Identity"
Betsy DisSalvo "Gaming Masculinity: Constructing Masculinity with Video Games"
Kristin A. Searle and Yasmin B. Kafai, "Boys' Needlework: Understanding Gendered and Indigenous Perspectives on Computing and Crafting with Electronic Textiles"
Fred Turner (interview), "Don't Be Evil: Fred Turner on Utopias, Frontiers, and Brogrammers"
Jonathan McIntosh, "Playing with Privilege: the invisible benefits of gaming while male"
Adewole S. Adamson and Avery Smith, "Machine Learning and Health Care Disparities in Dermatology"
Richard F. Martell, David M. Lane, and Cynthia Emrich, "Male-Female Differences: A Computer Simulation"
Ian Gent, "The Petrie Multiplier: Why an Attack on Sexism in Tech is NOT an Attack on Men"
Michael Feldman et al., "Certifying and removing disparate impact"
Sorelle A. Friedler et al., "A comparative study of fairness-enhancing interventions in machine learning"
Danielle Ensign et al., "Decision making with limited feedback"
Sorelle A. Friedler et al, "On the (im)possibility of fairness"
Moritz Hardt, "How Big Data is Unfair"
Dale Beran, "Gamergate: Anon Defends his Safe Spaces" (Part 4 of "4chan: The Skeleton Key to the Rise of Trump")
Allison Master and Andrew N. Meltzoff, "Building bridges between psychological science and education: Cultural stereotypes, STEM, and equity"
Universal principles of data ethics: 12 guidelines for developing ethics codes 
Linda Yang, "Fighting Silicon Valley Sexism as a Queer Woman" interview of Leanne Pittsford
Chas Danner, "More Than Half of Russian Facebook Ads Focused on Race"
Gillian B. White, "When Algorithms Don’t Account for Civil Rights"
S. Cheryan et al. "Ambient belonging: How stereotypical cues impact gender participation in computer science."
Daisuke Wakabayashi "Meet the People Who Train the Robots (to Do Their Own Jobs)"
Dave Lee, "Why Big Tech pays poor Kenyans to teach self-driving cars"
Kate Losse, "The Male Gazed: Surveillance, Power, and Gender"
Lisa Nakamura, "Indigenous Circuits: Navajo Women and the Racialization of Early Electronic Manufacture"
Paxton Scott, "Startup vulnerability leaves queer student data exposed"
Edward Ongweso Jr, "‘Significant Racial Bias’ Found in National Healthcare Algorithm Affecting Millions of People"
Algorithm bias: Amazon scraps sexist AI resume analyzer
Melisha Dsouza, "NIPS Foundation decides against name change as poll finds it an unpopular superficial move; instead increases ‘focus on diversity and inclusivity initiatives’"
Jake Swearingen, "Unable to Avoid Bias, Gmail Stops Using Gender in Its Automated Replies"
AI Now Institution 2019 Report (multiple authors)
Penelope Phippen, "Changing your name is a hard unsolved problem in Computer Science"
Michelle Goldberg, "Techlash Hits College Campuses"
Lauren Alfrey and France Winddance Twine, "Gender-Fluid Geek Girls: Negotiating Inequality Regimes in the Tech Industry"
Adrienne Shaw, "Do you identify as a gamer? Gender, race, sexuality, and gamer identity"
Kate Conger and Noam Scheiber, "The Great Google Revolt"
Nathan Ensmenger. “Beards, Sandals, and Other Signs of Rugged Individualism: Masculine Culture within the Computing Professions." 
June Park John, "The case of computer science education, employment, gender, and race/ethnicity in Silicon Valley, 1980–2015"
Roli Varma
Sarah-Jane Leslie et al. "Expectations of brilliance underlie gender distributions across academic disciplines"
Joseph Cimpian, "Math-intensive fields have a gender problem: The men are worse at math"
Jessica Guynn, "Facebook diversity report: Efforts still failing Black and Hispanic employees, especially women"
Mar Hicks, "When Winning is Losing: Why the Nation that Invented the Computer Lost its Edge"
Mar Hicks, "Built to Last"
Sarah Blaskey et al., "How the Trump campaign used big data to deter Miami-Dade’s Black communities from voting"
Dave Gershgorn, "Stanford’s new AI institute is inadvertently showcasing one of tech’s biggest problems"
Amy Ko, Deconstructing CS Culture – 2021 IEEE RESPECT Keynote
Anthony D. Mays, "How I Went From Compton to Google" (Produced by Ryann Graham, Jessica Massa)
Hailey Knox, "Geeks" 
Jonathan McIntosh, "The Adorkable Misogyny of The Big Bang Theory"
Jonathan McIntosh, "The Complicity of Geek Masculinity on the Big Bang Theory"
Jonathan McIntosh, "The Face of Gaming: 40 Male Protagonists Featured at E3 2014"
Vi Hart and Nicky Case, "Parable of the Polygons"
Adam Conover, "The Disturbing History of the Suburbs"
Karen Ashcraft, "The Glass Slipper"
Joy Buolamwini, "AI, Ain't I a Woman?" (spoken word)
Audrey Carlsen and Fahima Haque, "What Does Facebook Consider Hate Speech? Take Our Quiz"
André L. Brock, "“My Constellation is Space”: Towards a Theory of Black Cyberculture"
Nancy Douyon, interview about life in Silicon Valley
Ruha Bejnamin, "Are Robots Racist?"
Amira Virgil (interview by AJ+), "Black Representation in The Sims"
Shireen Mitchell, anti-online harassment research and advocacy
Cynthia Lee, "What can I do today to create a more inclusive community in CS?" 
Joy Rankin, Queens of Code
Code 2040
National Center for Women in Information Technology
Anita Borg
Coraline Ada Ehmke, The Contributor Covenant
Google's training module on machine learning bias and fairness
Lea Coligado, Women of Silicon Valley
Latinas in STEM
AfroTech
ACM Code of Ethics
Coraline Ada Ehmke "The Post-Meritocracy Manifesto"
Project Include
Black Girls Code
Latinx in Tech (Kapor Center)
Kapor Center
Lesbians Who Tech
#ShutDownSTEM anti-racism in academia reading list