Cypherpunk Manifesto, https://activism.net/cypherpunk/manifesto.html
The Crypto Anarchist Manifesto, https://www.activism.net/cypherpunk/crypto-anarchy.html
The Wild, Baffling, and Sometimes Terrifying History of Crypto-Anarchy, https://breakermag.com/the-wild-baffling-and-sometimes-terrifying-history-of-crypto-anarchy/
Excerpt from The Practice of Change: 4.3.3 Blockchain and Questioning Sovereignty, pp. 141-151, http://web.media.mit.edu/~joi/publication/2018-02-14-ito_phd_diss_final
Crypto Dream, http://randomwalker.info/publications/crypto-dream-part1.pdf, http://randomwalker.info/publications/crypto-dream-part2.pdf
Aragon - The fight for freedom
The Crisis was in the System. https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2018-09-13/the-crisis-was-in-the-system
Crypto has the potential to be the most social, inclusive, liberating, challenging, optimistic, and revolutionary technology wave to date. https://twitter.com/Iiterature/status/1133739694557159424
EthicalOS
Ethical and Societal Implications of Technology. pp 1-2. “Three Key Tasks” section. Stop at “Questions for Research”. 
ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct.
Everyone Is Getting Hilariously Rich and You’re Not
Pineapple Fund 
Women in Cryptocurrencies Push Back Against ‘Blockchain Bros’
Noam Chomsky on Anarcho-syndicalism
Matt Levine on why ambitious young people find crypto appealing
Blockchain Wins Over Developers with Self-Actualization
Psychological vs. Sociological Storytelling
Pathetic Dot Theory 
Computer science faces an ethics crisis
Leverage Points in a System
Use These 5 Powerful Mindsets To Understand Our Uncertain World
Introduction to Effective Altruism
The 5 Camps of Crypto
Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System
The Architecture of Crypto Innovation 
Ever wonder how Bitcoin (and other cryptocurrencies) actually work?
What are smart contracts?
Zcash and Financial Privacy 
Blockchain and Trust
The Myth of the Infrastructure Phase
History of Money
Blockchains are a Bad Idea
Blockchain Demo from Anders Brownworth
Don’t Understand Bitcoin? This Man Will Mumble An Explanation At You.
How dApps Work in 2018.
Intro to Crypto
How the Bitcoin Protocol Actually Works
How does Ethereum work, anyway?
The Crypto Idea Maze
Shelling Out: The Origins of Money
The History of Paper Money
We've stopped trusting institutions and started trusting strangers
Ten years in, nobody has come up with a use for blockchain
Unstoppable Code: The Difference Between Can’t and Won’t
Excerpt from Blockchain and Law: V. Regulation and Law, A. Modes of Regulation
Gab is forking Brave, and Brave is forking furious 
Mastodon is big in Japan. The reason why is… uncomfortable 
The First Augur Assassination Markets Have Arrived 
The Moral Character of Cryptographic Work. Law-enforcement framing and surveillance-studies framing pp. 25-27.
When the cookie meets the blockchain: Privacy risks of web payments via cryptocurrencies. Introduction. 
Libra’s Biggest Problem
Facebook’s Libra Masterplan.
Resistant protocols: How decentralization evolves (24min)
#CryptoEthics Concepts: Decentralization-Enabled Unstoppable Code
Why BitTorrent Mattered — Bittorrent Lessons for Crypto (1 of 4)
Sovereign-grade vs. platform-grade censorship (1, 2, 3)
Against Szabo’s Law, For A New Crypto Legal System
A Framework for Moderation and Terminating Service for 8Chan
In Code(rs) We Trust: Software Developers as Fiduciaries in Public Blockchains, Angela Walch 
3 Common Myths People Have About Crypto (Part I: 0:00-13:00)
Characterizing Payments Among Men with No Names 
Privacy and Cryptocurrency, Part I: How Private is Bitcoin? 
Privacy on the Bitcoin Wiki
A Privacy-Focused Vision for Social Networking
Citizenfour and The Great Hack
The End of Privacy
The Case for Electronic Cash
What is Differential Privacy? A tradeoff between privacy and accuracy
Privacy Primitives for Smart Contracts in Oasis
Introduction to Contextual Integrity
Some crypto-criminals think jumping across blockchains covers their tracks. Big mistake.
Blockchains and Data Protection in the European Union
Quantifying Decentralization
Pineapple Fund 
Facebook's Libra probably won't help people without bank accounts
Venezuela Isn’t the Crypto Use Case You Want It to Be
Bitcoin is an energy hog. Where is all that electricity coming from?
Cambridge Bitcoin Electricity Consumption Index
Ethereum, FOMO3D, and Dangerous Game Theory
Comparing PoolTogether, a No-Loss Lottery, to Libra
Responsible disclosure in the era of cryptocurrencies
Guiding Principles for Ethical Cryptocurrency, Blockchain, and DLT Research 
Visual Guide to the Howey Test
Grin and the Mythical Fair Launch
Ethereum is game-changing technology, literally
Superfluid Collateral in Open Finance
Evolution, Not Revolution
Trust as a Primitive.
Blockchain Wins Over Developers with Self-Actualization and Integrity
The Blockchain Economy: A beginner’s guide to institutional cryptoeconomics
Markets Are Eating The World 
Coase’s Penguin.
Past, Present, Future: From Co-ops to Cryptonetworks
Decentralized Social Networks Sound Great. Too Bad They’ll Never Work
Crypto is Networked Nonviolent Protest 
The Tyranny of Structurelessness 
Blockchain Governance: Programming Our Future 
Who Controls Bitcoin Core?
Notes on Blockchain Governance
Against on-chain governance 
If Rockefeller Were a Coder
On-Chain Vote Buying and the Rise of Dark DAOs
A relative value model for governance tokens
On Consensus and Humming in the IETF
Open Source Guide to Leadership and Governance
Notes on Open Source Governance Models
Blockchain Governance 101
A Personal Letter About The Possibility of a New Zcash Dev Fund
Summary of “Roads and Bridges”
Lead Grin Developer Can’t Raise Money 
Income Inequality
The Richest People In Cryptocurrency 
Everyone Is Getting Hilariously Rich and You’re Not
Exploring Wealth Inequality in Bitcoin 
Plotting bitcoin’s wealth inequality
Bitcoin Address Distribution 
A Conflict of Crypto Visions
An Overview of Blockchain-Based Universal Basic Income Projects 
Future of Zcash Funding
Funding Open Source In The Blockchain Era
Mapping Out Grants in Ethereum and Beyond
Decentralized funding? An analysis of three programs
Against Against Billionaire Philanthropy
Book Review: "Just Giving" by Rob Reich, A Political Theory of Philanthropy
Metaphors we believe by: the pantheon of 2019
Mechanism Design Shared Across Radical Markets and Blockchain. Vitalik at RadicalXChange.
On Radical Markets. Read the section “Markets in Everything.” 
How Can Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Technology Play a Role in Building Social and Solidarity Finance? pp. 8-16.
The World Is Complex. Measuring Charity Has to Be Too 
Bitcoin as Politics: Distributed Right-Wing Extremism. Read the abstract.
To Really 'Disrupt,' Tech Needs to Listen to Actual Researchers
Why I Am Not a Technocrat 
What Isn’t for Sale?
Radical Redesigns — Are They All About Allocations? 
A Visual Representation of Liberal Radicalism 
Experiments with Liberal Radicalism 
Summary of “The Passions and the Interests” 
An Animated History of Token Sales, Jan, 2014 - Aug, 2018
A Visual Guide to the Howey Test 
Coin Center analysis of SEC cryptocurrency guidance
2Q19 Crypto Retrospective. pp. 35-38. IEOs and STOs.
Thoughts on Tokens 
On Fair Token Launches 
Differentiating Between Scams, Ponzis, and Unethical Behavior 
Crypto Rating Council
Mutability in Crypto and Recent Moves by the SEC
Not Legal Advice, Part 2: The Hinman Test is Dead
Framework for Securities Regulation of Cryptocurrencies
Applying Money Transmitter Laws to Crypto
Applying CFTC Laws to Crypto
SEC Fines Floyd Mayweather, DJ Khaled for ICO Promotions
Bitconnect Ceremony (Wikipedia entry)
The Five Most Notorious Cryptocurrency Scams of 2019 
Ponzi Schemes Using Virtual Currencies
Ethereum is full of ponzis, is that a problem?
Token Space
Facebook's Libra will not help the unbanked 
Facebook's Libra probably won't help people without bank accounts 
From a law perspective, Jerry Brito 
From a technical perspective, Jameson Lopp
Thread: as the only research co-founder of Chainspace that did not join Facebook (the blockchain scalability startup that Facebook acquired), people have been asking me about my view of Libra. Here's a thread about it. Mustafa Al-Bassam 
5 Reasons Why Facebook’s New Cryptocurrency ‘Libra’ is Bad News for Africa
A Privacy-Focused Vision for Social Networking 
Privacy-Preserving AI in Medical Imaging with OpenMined 
Recent Developments in Cryptography. Appendix A: Relevance of Progress in AI. pp. 90-94.
Blockchain-based Machine Learning Marketplaces 
Privacy-Preserving Machine Learning 2018: A Year in Review 
Privacy Primitives for Smart Contracts in Oasis
End-to-end encryption isn’t enough security for ‘real people’
Zcash Counterfeiting Vulnerability Successfully Remediated.
Fortune article about bug 
Deploying MPC for Social Good 
Federated Learning: Collaborative Machine Learning without Centralized Training Data
Privacy and machine learning: two unexpected allies?
The Case for Electronic Cash
Attack of the Week: Apple iMessage
End-to-End Encryption Isn’t as Safe as You Think 
What is Differential Privacy? A tradeoff between privacy and accuracy
How a Bitcoin Trail Led to a Massive Dark Web Child-Porn Site Takedown
An Empirical Analysis of Traceability in the Monero Blockchain 
A Post Mortem of The Multiple Counting Bug
Knight Capital Group Loses $440M Trading Stocks With Errant Computer Program
An Unstoppable Predictions Marketplace — Introducing Erasure
The Moral Character of Cryptographic Work. 
Paperclip Maximizer Game
AI DAOs
Beating Bots in Fomo3D
